# Changelog git-grab
All notable changes to [git-grab](https://github.com/Boomatang/git-grab/releases) will be documented in this file.

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html),
and is generated by [Changie](https://github.com/miniscruff/changie).


## git-grab 0.10.0 (2026-05-30)

### Features

- Add parsing to match the CodeBerg ssh clone string format. (#53)
- Zig 0.16.0
  Add support for zig 0.16.0 (#63)
- Allow the shallow clone of repos, forces a depth of one, by setting the `-S/--shallow` flag. (#68)

### Removals

- Support for windows.
  Saddly to support windows is going to take more effort. That effort is not currently justified.

### Misc

- Updated the build system to make use of the zon file reading. (#51)
- Update precommit configuration to include running zig test at commit time
- Updated the towncrier configuration to allows show the contains of the misc fragments.

## git-grab 0.9.0 (2026-01-31)

### Features

- Adding of logger.
  All user facing massages are now logs that go to standard error.
  The level of these logs can be adjusted as required, with the default level being info.
  To do this the `--log-level` flag has being added. (#45)

### Bugfixes

- Unhandled error was found when the clone path had an existing non worktree project.
  A fatal crash would happen due to the `.git` existing.
  This is now handled gracefully.

### Misc

- Change data structure for towncrier
- Rework the release system. Now calling `zig build release` will build the cross-platform resources.

## git-grab 0.8.0 (2026-01-24)

### Features

- Toggle from worktrees to standard clone

  Allow the user with the `-s` to switch from a worktree configuration clone to a standard clone. (#15)
- Zig Port

  This version of git grab moves the python based version to a zig version. (#41)
- Configure towncrier for zig project (#42)

### Misc

- #25, #43

## git-grab 0.7.0 (2025-03-22)

### Features

- Update the version display to use built in features (#18)
- Configuration of MyPy, now there is strict types (#26)

### Bugfixes

- Fix fetch on origin not being configured during the initial setup (#23)

### Improved Documentation

- Configure towncrier for the changelog (#12)

### Deprecations and Removals

- Remove support for python 3.8 (#20)

### Misc

- #13, #14, #19
